And now if we navigate to our project files, go to our editing folder.
We have both of our versions here.
So you can see we have our story post.
Now that is a waterfall.
And then we have our secondary version where we did a little bit of experimenting with adding a soundtrack.
I hope that that gave you some insights on the techniques and the strategy on keeping your workspace
clean, using a good workflow that's going to speed up your editing and really learn how to use the
different options that you have of using different audio styles, using music and cutting your footage
in a way that actually creates the feeling that you want in your viewer.
We clearly have the same exact footage.
We use different editing techniques to create a different final product.
And then we exported those different edits in different formats that matched up for different ways of
sharing that content.
So to summarize what we did in this chapter, we first started with our workflow where we learn how
to organize back our content, as you know, one of my favorite parts, and keep a clean workspace,
which is going to really come in handy as we go through this course and our edits get more and more
complex and we learn more high level techniques.
After we captured and gathered all of our content, we then started pulling our selects inside of our
editing software.
This allowed us to really organize our editing timeline and create a really rough but organized and
color coded structure so that we didn't really have to worry about what the final edit would look like.
But we got to kind of put things in places and experiment a little to find out the ordering and the
overall flow of our edit.
After that, we went into creating our first draft edit.
This is where we really focus more on pacing rhythm, honing in on the shots that we were going to use,
and started to really get an idea of what our edit was going to look like.
Then we moved into refining our audio.
We use Crossfade to make our cuts a lot more seamless.
We balanced out the levels of our audio between our clips, and then we tried a secondary edit where
we used music instead of our background audio from our footage.
And this is just the beginning.
We're like, honestly just scratching the surface on the post-production process.
So we're going to grow a lot.
We're going to learn a lot during this course.
So I'm excited.
And I will see you in the next chapter.